19 doc project improve readme contribution codestyle documentation (#22)
christophperrins/poller-vertx-rxjava: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Branch structure

### Master branch

-    Only for milestone releases or weekly releases
-    Only merges from dev branch no direct commits

### Dev branch

Only merges from feature or bugfix branches no direct commits

### Feature and bug fix branch

Contain commits to address all the tasks or issues for the branch

## General thoughts to fixing effects and creating issues 

-    The owner of a branch should fix the bug himself if possibly
-    Bugs should be fixed in the same branch
-    Code linting should happen before the PR and Merge. Codestyle Fixes should be part of the branch you merge in. 

## Commits , Pushes and Merges 

### Labels for commits

To make a commit title more speakable its good to give each commit a category in the title: 

feature: This commit or branch is a new added feature.

bugfix: This commit or branch introduces changes that fix a defect.  

refactor: All codestyle or refactore related commits

doc: documentation and guides commits

style: Changes in stylesheets that dont change any behaviour or code.

build: Changes in build system. Adding libraries or for example change in pom.xml  file

> ### Workflow

Author: Much more detailed than what was there previously. Please remove top section and replace with this.

#### 1. Creating an issue

> `[label]:[area]-Title of Issue`

Author: Can you give an example of an area?

Discribe the issue. Give some context if not obvious. Name particular methods or files.  

#### 2. Creating a branch

> `[issueNumber]-[label]-[area]-Name-of-branch`

Author: This is different to what is at the top of the document which was there previously. Please amend the top to match the bottom or vise versa.

Previously it stated branches should be issue-{number}-{short description}

#### 3. Committing and pushing a branch

Before pushing the branch it should be checked/linted so you can be sure it passes all the codacy tests
If it does not pass the check changes need to be addressed in this branch till it passes. Further commits are necessary.
 
#### 4. Creating a pullrequest

`[label]:[area]-Title of Pullrequest (fixes issue number #4)`

> Title would be th name of the branch plus the issue number it fixes. 

Author: ```suggestion
Title should be the name of the branch plus the issue number it fixes. 
```
